---
published: false
---
## Turns out I don't know anything ##

Hello, I am John, and I am a programmer. I used to bake bread for a living and taught myself to code. One coding bootcamp and an internship later, I am working full-time as a programmer. I've been at my job for over two years, and its been great. I am proficent in Ruby, Python, JavaScript, and a multitude of frameworks/libraries. Debugging? No problem. Linux? Easy. Creating apps? Piece of cake. 

At this point, I'm very comfortable working as I a programmer. You would be hard pressed to find something that I couldn't learn or wrap my head around. I still have plenty to learn, but thought I was doing fine in my programming career.

This all changed when I took up an Amazon recruiter on his offer to take their assesment test. The test was 2 45-minute problems that I can't get into much detail about. I clicked a "I agree to the terms and conditions" button that I didn't actually read, but probably prohibits blogging their questions verbatim. (just a guess)

I royally bombed the assesment. Like, it was bad. 30 minutes of staring at my screen and re-evaluating my life choices bad. How do I even call myself a programmer? What have I been doing for the last few years? Do I even know anything about computer science?

Well, it turns out the answer is I don't actually know too much about computer science. I've learned how to _code_ well. This means I can make web apps and do software development. I could probably go my whole life being at this level and actually do fine for myself. Teams need good _coders_ and will pay for them.

What I want to be is a good _Software Engineer_. This is someone who not only knows how to code well, but understands "the big picture". 

But this isn't me. I like to know how things work. I don't want something to hold me back in my career. W